Add image platform to DoorBird documentation (#46439)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/doorbird.markdown

The `doorbird` implementation allows you to view the live video, the last doorbell ring image, and the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device in Home Assistant.

{% note %}
The last doorbell ring and last motion still images are also available as [image](#image) entities. These update the moment the device fires an event, instead of on a polling interval. The matching camera entities are kept for backwards compatibility and are planned to be deprecated in a future release, so prefer the image entities going forward.
{% endnote %}

## Image

> The `doorbird` image platform provides an entity for the last doorbell ring image and an entity for the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device. Unlike the equivalent camera entities, these use push-based updates driven by the device's events. Each image refreshes the moment a doorbell ring or motion event fires, rather than on a polling interval.

Reviewer: Let's drop some repeated info:

```suggestion
## Camera

The `doorbird` implementation allows you to view the live video, the last doorbell ring image, and the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device in Home Assistant.

The last doorbell ring and last motion still images are also available as [image](#image) entities.

{% note %}
The camera entities are kept for backwards compatibility and are planned to be deprecated in a future release, so prefer the image entities going forward.
{% endnote %}

## Image

The `doorbird` image platform provides an entity for the last doorbell ring image and an entity for the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device.
These entities use push-based updates driven by the device's events. Each image refreshes the moment a doorbell ring or motion event fires, rather than on a polling interval.
```

The `doorbird` implementation allows you to view the live video, the last doorbell ring image, and the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device in Home Assistant.

The last doorbell ring and last motion still images are also available as [image](#image) entities.

{% note %}

> The camera entities are kept for backwards compatibility and are planned to be deprecated in a future release, so prefer the image entities going forward.

Reviewer: @mattias-arrelid Hi! Deprecated features should be removed from the documentation: https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/standards/#deprecated-features-or-integrations

Would you mind removing the camera platform from this page as a follow up? I'll merge this so it gets into 2026.8 Beta

The `doorbird` implementation allows you to view the live video, the last doorbell ring image, and the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device in Home Assistant.

{% note %}
The last doorbell ring and last motion still images are also available as [image](#image) entities. These update the moment the device fires an event, instead of on a polling interval. The matching camera entities are kept for backwards compatibility and are planned to be deprecated in a future release, so prefer the image entities going forward.
{% endnote %}

## Image

## Camera

> The `doorbird` implementation allows you to view the live video, the last doorbell ring image, and the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device in Home Assistant.
> 
> The last doorbell ring and last motion still images are also available as [image](#image) entities.
> 
> {% note %}
> The camera entities are kept for backwards compatibility and are planned to be deprecated in a future release, so prefer the image entities going forward.
> {% endnote %}
> 
> ## Image
> 
> The `doorbird` image platform provides an entity for the last doorbell ring image and an entity for the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device.
> These entities use push-based updates driven by the device's events. Each image refreshes the moment a doorbell ring or motion event fires, rather than on a polling interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `doorbird` implementation allows you to view the live video, the last doorbell ring image, and the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device in Home Assistant.

The last doorbell ring and last motion still images are also available as [image](#image) entities.

{% note %}
The camera entities are kept for backwards compatibility and are planned to be deprecated in a future release, so prefer the image entities going forward.
{% endnote %}

## Image

The `doorbird` image platform provides an entity for the last doorbell ring image and an entity for the last motion sensor image from your [DoorBird](https://www.doorbird.com/) device.
These entities use push-based updates driven by the device's events. Each image refreshes the moment a doorbell ring or motion event fires, rather than on a polling interval.
```
